c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\Bin\Debug\Todo.App.dll
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\Bin\Debug\Todo.App.pdb
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\Bin\Debug\Todo.App_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\obj\Debug\Todo.App.g.resources
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\obj\Debug\Todo.App.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\obj\Debug\Todo.App.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\obj\Debug\Todo.App.dll
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\obj\Debug\Todo.App.pdb
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\Bin\Debug\Todo.Common.dll
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\Bin\Debug\Todo.Common.pdb
c:\users\vproman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Todo.App\Todo.App\obj\Debug\Todo.App.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
